src/input/en/posts/2019/4/2/new-pluralsight-course-nlp-fastai.md, before:

---
Title: New Pluralsight course, Deep Learning NLP with PyTorch and fastai
Published: 2019-04-02 14:30:00
Language: en
Description: Sono lieto di annunciarvi che, dopo un po' di mesi di lavoro, il mio nuovo corso Pluralsight è stato pubblicato. Getting Started with NLP Deep Learning Using PyTorch and fastai, iniziare con NLP Deep Learning usando PyTorch e fastai.
Image: /assets/images/ps-fastai-course-header.png
Tags:
- machine learning
- deep learning
- ai
- pytorch
- fastai
TranslatedRefs: it/post/2019/4/2/nuovo-corso-pluralsight-nlp-fastai.md
DisqusId: 29D5F98C866548C4BC5DAAAE2C5F6A68D4073EADAD604AE6B0BD50953A18D88C
---
I'm very happy to announce that, after many months of work, my new Pluralsight course has been published: **<a href="https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/getting-started-nlp-deep-learning-pytorch-fastai" target="_blank">Getting Started with NLP Deep Learning Using PyTorch and fastai</a>**.

In this course we'll have a look at the amazing **fastai library**, built on top of the **PyTorch** Deep Learning Framework, to learn how to perform Natural Language Processing (NLP) with Deep Neural Networks, and how to achieve some of the most recent state-of-the-art results in text classification. First, we’ll learn how to train a model for text classification very quickly, thanks to the fastai library and transfer learning. Next, we'll explore some of the theory behind Deep Learning NLP techniques, and how to deploy our models to production in Microsoft Azure. Finally, we’ll discover how to train a custom language model from scratch. When you’re finished with this course, you’ll know why fastai and PyTorch are great frameworks, how to train deep learning models for NLP tasks on your own datasets, and how to bring them to production.

I'm willing to know what you think about it... for any question, feel free to contact me!

Commit message:

Fixed translation issue in PS-course post

src/input/en/posts/2019/4/2/new-pluralsight-course-nlp-fastai.md, after:

---
Title: New Pluralsight course, Deep Learning NLP with PyTorch and fastai
Published: 2019-04-02 14:30:00
Language: en
Description: I'm very happy to announce that, after many months of work, my new Pluralsight course has been published: Getting Started with NLP Deep Learning Using PyTorch and fastai.
Image: /assets/images/ps-fastai-course-header.png
Tags:
- machine learning
- deep learning
- ai
- pytorch
- fastai
TranslatedRefs: it/post/2019/4/2/nuovo-corso-pluralsight-nlp-fastai.md
DisqusId: 29D5F98C866548C4BC5DAAAE2C5F6A68D4073EADAD604AE6B0BD50953A18D88C
---
I'm very happy to announce that, after many months of work, my new Pluralsight course has been published: **<a href="https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/getting-started-nlp-deep-learning-pytorch-fastai" target="_blank">Getting Started with NLP Deep Learning Using PyTorch and fastai</a>**.

In this course we'll have a look at the amazing **fastai library**, built on top of the **PyTorch** Deep Learning Framework, to learn how to perform Natural Language Processing (NLP) with Deep Neural Networks, and how to achieve some of the most recent state-of-the-art results in text classification. First, we’ll learn how to train a model for text classification very quickly, thanks to the fastai library and transfer learning. Next, we'll explore some of the theory behind Deep Learning NLP techniques, and how to deploy our models to production in Microsoft Azure. Finally, we’ll discover how to train a custom language model from scratch. When you’re finished with this course, you’ll know why fastai and PyTorch are great frameworks, how to train deep learning models for NLP tasks on your own datasets, and how to bring them to production.

I'm willing to know what you think about it... for any question, feel free to contact me!
